hi everybody this is chai again on
today's special we have the very famous
falafel sandwich falafel sandwich is one
of the most known fast food sandwich in
many many countries around the world now
you can find it almost everywhere the
falafel sandwich is made out of falafel
balls of course fresh pita bread some
vegetables and some sauces we're going
to start off by making the falafel we're
going to soak a pound of garbanzo beans
overnight for about 24 hours and that's
the final result that's what we'll get
we're going to need some parsley
cilantro onion and some garlic we're
going to chop the cilantro and parsley
we're going to cut the onions to fairly
small pieces once we're done with that
we're going to put everything into a
food processor
we're going to chop it for about a
minute or two until it becomes finely
chopped
we're going to add seven cloves of
garlic minced garlic and the garbanzo
beans and then blend everything together
it's going to take few minutes until we
get a very very thin mix of everything
it's important to have it thin otherwise
it won't stick together if your food
processor is not big enough you can
separate the quantities and do it in two
rounds
once we're done processing it should
look like this now we're going to add
the spices we're going to put one
teaspoon of cumin 1 teaspoon of paprika
1 teaspoon of black pepper we're going
to put half a teaspoon of coriander and
we're going to put a 1 and a half
teaspoons of salt now we're going to mix
it by hand for about three to four
minutes until we're going to get a
uniform falafel mix
next thing we want to do is to put some
oil in a pot and let it 1 to 370 degrees
I'm using the falafel maker which is an
amazing device that helps me make
uniform falafel balls and it's very easy
to use just need to press the spring put
the falafel mix into it and then release
it slowly I got my falafel maker from
make falafel calm once the oil is hot
we're going to put the falafel balls
inside the smell is amazing
we're going to let the falafel balls fry
for a minute or two before we touch them
so they won't break and then we're going
to see if they move freely in the oil as
you can see some of them are almost done
we're going to take out the ones that
are done into a strainer
they look so delicious alright now we
have our falafel balls next step is to
combine everything to the falafel
sandwich to make a falafel sandwich a
part of the falafel balls will need of
course a fresh pita bread some shredded
lettuce some tomatoes and cucumbers
pickles some spicy sauce and some tahini
sauce which you can find the recipe for
them in other videos of mine we'll start
by taking the pita bread putting some
tahini inside some spicy sauce if you
like it a little spicy we'll start to
put the falafel balls on the bottom and
then some lettuce some tomatoes and
cucumbers some pickles maybe some more
tahini some more falafel balls we're
going to top it with pickles and a
little bit of more tahini
and here you have it a delicious healthy
falafel sandwich falafels can be made
for every event or any party as a snack
food it's very healthy because it's made
out of fresh ingredients you can find it
almost everywhere and I'm sure that
everyone that's going to taste these
falafel balls is going to be extremely
happy I hope you enjoyed this video and
see you next time
you